You and I, are surely feeling the same way right now.
When you smile at me,
I feel as if an angel has descended down to me.
Have you discovered out how I feel?  I better test you now...
...by using tricks and bargains,
because soon there will be no escape.
Are you ready for my challenge?
Now bring it on! Show me your embarrassed face!
And at the very end, say this to me...
..."I love you".
If it's you and I, in what way will we fall into love?
Let's figure out our relationship!
There’s no margin for error because every time you look at me...
...I can’t help but tremble!
I can't be honest with myself!
So take me with you already!
I’ve researched everything about you
Your hobbies, your thoughts, I've understood them all.
All that's left to prepare is the timing and for it to look natural.
Show to me the parts that have been stained, so I can cut them away for you
Now show me your conviction!
By saying what has been on both our minds!
Say that there is a string that connects us by fate!
Say it to me right now!
It’s so bright that it's hard to see,
because I am surrounded by a pure white halation.
I don't care if you say it modestly, or in a roundabout way!
As long as you say it...
...in your own special way...
...before I cry.
Even though we want to say these words,
why won't they leave our lips?
"It's not fair that I've been waiting all this time for you!"
After whispering these words, I finally understand.
If it's you and I, in what way will we fall into love?
Let's figure out our relationship!
There’s no margin for error, because every time you look at me...
I can’t help but tremble!
I just can't be honest!
So take me with you already!
This is how I feel about you.